chore: Improve SuperAdmin docs (#747)
cloudposse/docs: docs/layers/accounts/tutorials/how-to-create-superadmin-user.mdx

description: Create `SuperAdmin` for secure, controlled AWS root access.
---
import Intro from '@site/src/components/Intro';
import Steps from '@site/src/components/Steps';
import Step from '@site/src/components/Step';
import StepNumber from '@site/src/components/StepNumber';

<Intro>

> The `SuperAdmin` user is necessary for performing administrative functions that IAM roles cannot, ensuring secure and controlled access to the root account while minimizing risks. These are the step-by-step instructions for creating a `SuperAdmin` user in AWS, including setting permissions, enabling MFA, and securely storing credentials in 1Password.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `SuperAdmin` user is required for performing high-risk administrative tasks that shouldn’t rely on SSO or SAML, which could lead to account lockout if misconfigured. This guide outlines the steps to create a secure `SuperAdmin` user in AWS, including setting permissions, enabling MFA, and storing credentials safely in 1Password.
```
